
0.0-2

  fixed typo in Description.  Works for stimuli distributed along 2 or
  more dimensions

  added boot.mlcm and binom.diagnostics and a plot method for the
  latter

0.0-3

  data sets BumpyGlossy and GlossyBumpy given class mlcm.df and data.frame

  added plot method for objects of class mlcm.df which gives a conjoint
  proportions plot as in Fig. 4 of the Ho et al. reference

  added residual plot example to mlcm.rd

0.0-5

  Added formula method for mlcm and adjusted methods to deal with it

0.0-6

  Some errors in docs

  added formula examples to mlcm.rd

  fixed error in coef.mlcm

  added lines and points methods for class mlcm

  added SE's and AIC to summary print method for class mlcm

0.0-7

  fixed some errors in man pages

  added predict method, most useful when the formula method is used

  anova method extended to handle fits with the formula method and
  compare such fits with a glm method fit, but only one pair of such
  models at a time

0.0-8

  fixed a bug in make.wide and make.wide.full, not returning
  a matrix if the number of levels for a dimension was 2.  Needed
  to add a drop = FALSE (thanks to Frans Houweling).

  added code so that the number of levels per dimension does not
  have to be the same for all dimensions, uncovered during
  the repair of the previous bug.  In the print method, dimensions
  with fewer levels than the dimension with the maximum number
  are filled-out with NAs.

0.0-9
  removed LazyLoad in Description

0.1.0 
  rewrote code to generate model matrices using formula objects and 
  model.matrix so that mlcm now works with any number of dimensions 
  and the number of levels per dimensions does not have to be equal.  
  All 3 models, including model = "full" now work for all conditions.

0.2.0 
  minor modif to anova.mlcm method.

0.3.0
  suggested change for R 3.1.0 to elminate use of anova.glmlist
  in anova.mlcm.

0.4.0
  Added option to plot scales in units of d' to plot, line and points methods.

0.4.1
  Added an as.mlcm.df method

  Fixed a bug in plot method for mlcm.df objects.  Was not correcting for
  the presentation order of stimuli.

0.4.2
  Fixed bug in NAMESPACE.

  Added explicit export of mlcm.default and mlcm.formula, and imports 
  functions needed from other packages.
  
0.4.3
  Added Texture dataset providing a 3-way MLCM experiment
  
  Added an example of analyzing the Texture data set with the three 2-way interactions
  but no 3-way interaction.

  Updated documentation


